Updates from rspec-dev (2019-12-05) (#2221)
rspec/rspec-rails: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you'd like to help make RSpec better, here are some ways you can contribute:

  - by running RSpec HEAD to help us catch bugs before new releases

>   - by [reporting bugs you encounter](https://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails/issues/new) with [report template](#report-template)

Author: ```suggestion
  - by [reporting bugs you encounter](https://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails/issues/new?template=bug_report.md)
```

>   - by [suggesting new features](https://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails/issues/new)

Author: ```suggestion
  - by [suggesting new features](https://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails/issues/new?template=feature_request.md)
```
